Correct Synthetics DOCS on user-agent (#11391)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/guide/identify_synthetics_bots.md

### `user-agent`

> By default a `user-agent` header is added to all requests performed by Synthetic tests. Any custom `user-agent` added in the test will override the default one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a `user-agent` header is added to all requests performed by Synthetic tests. Any custom `user-agent` added in the test overrides the default one.
```
